1. Do you think this current system provides adequate accountability around short-term
rentals in San Francisco? In your response, describe why you believe the system is
adequate or inadequate. If you believe the system is inadequate, discuss a possible
change in actions required to improve accountability in this system. You may refer to the
SWE Code of Ethics as you think through your response.
    In my opinion, the system is inadequate surrounding the ideas of short-term rentals in San Francisco. In our project, we found invalid policy numbers that were on the site. This shows that the platform isn't doing enough to verify data as it's being put in. Additonally, having these fake policy numbers means that it allows 'pending' numbers to stay online. This goes against teh SWE code of ethics as it states that software engineers should work according to public interests. To fix this, the website should be linked directy from the city's database. They also should block numbers that don't exist.
2. As discussed in the introduction, the legality of web scraping is still uncertain in the US.
Skim through the Legal Issues section of Web Scraping in the US on Wikipedia and this
article about the legal issues with the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and describe at
least one factor you believe is important to consider when discussing the legality of web
scraping and why.
    One factor I believe is important to consider when discussing web scraping is to see if the data is publicly available or is behind a privacy wall. After skimming the legal issues of web scraping in the US and with teh Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the courts generally allow scraping of public information. But going through private areas in isn't legal. I believe this is importat because it protects the users of that company, but also allows the public to access and analyze their data that is available.
3. Scraping public data does not always lead to positive results for society. For example,
look to Facebook–Cambridge Analytica data scandal - Wikipedia or Clearview AI -
Wikipedia. Many argue that using someone’s personal data without their consent (even if
publicly provided) is unethical. Web scraping requires thoughtful intervention. Develop at
least two guidelines you think are important to consider when deciding whether to do
web scraping.
    To make sure web scraping is completed ethically and safely, two guidlines I'd create would be:
        - Only scrape information if it is beneficial to the public. For example, checking if a business is following guidlines for it to be open and safety laws. It shouldn't be used if it's to track individuals, sell private information, and anything that would harm the user and their well-being.
        - Only take inforamtion you need and leave everything else. There is no point in scraping all inforamtion if you only need one part of it. For example if you only needed a person's name, there is no need to collect their address, phone numbers, etc. 

r = requests.get('https://api.github.com/user', auth=('user', 'pass'))
r.status_code
200
r.headers['content-type']
'application/json; charset=utf8'
r.encoding
'utf-8'
r.text
'{"type":"User"...'}
r.json()
{'private_gists': 419, 'total_private_repos': 77, ...}
